hey can really hear with camera town
calm and I am sitting here with Rudy at
the sigma booth how are you very good
thank you very much so can you tell us a
little bit about the image sensors you
have sure I'd be happy to there's a very
unique technology that's found inside
the Sigma cameras and it's made by a
company called foveon in up in Santa
Clara California and it is a unique
because it captures the images in three
image planes blue green and red in
layers as opposed to the dominant
technology in the in the digital imaging
business which is a bear technology
where the image is captured flat and the
and the pixels are located next to each
other with the fobian technology because
of the the depth of the pixels you're
able to get a richness that's
unachievable with with the Bayer sensors
it's it's been under development for
several years and this technology is
available in several new models of Sigma
cameras well thank you so much and so
this is the SD 15 camera correct that's
right and can you tell us a little bit
about it I'd be happy to it's a
successor to rsd 14 model and it's
completely new inside even though from
the outside it looks like a simple very
similar to our SD 14 model it has brand
new processor which is which is faster
than before it has some new signals
signal conditioning chips inside to
reduce noise and improve color and in
addition we've added a 21 frame buffer
in raw mode on the back of the camera
we've put in a new 3-inch LCD color LCD
screen and also the shutter is rated for
a hundred thousand exposures and battery
life has been extended to five hundred
images oh wow so there's been a lot of
improvements made to the camera since
the since its predecessor debuted we've
got two more cameras here in front of us
they look kind of similar but I'm sure
they're different and can you tell us a
little bit about them they are there
they're two of our DP series cameras
that have been updated for PMA 2010 both
of these cameras feature the same sensor
we put into our DSLR camera the same
large sensor this is a product category
that Sigma actually pioneered a couple
of years ago with our DP one camera
and the DP one looks looks like this
what distinguishes it from the other
model is that it has a very wide angle
lens 28 millimeter in 35 millimeter
equivalent this camera has been updated
in inside and out it's got a new
processor inside for faster processing
better signal conditioning is well
inside and we've also improved the user
interface on the on the back of the
camera and it's still the only camera
that you can buy with a large sensor in
it like this that can still fit in your
shirt pockets yeah it's pretty small it
is and that but the image quality is
very big and then the other camera that
we have is called our DP to model which
has also been updated with faster AF and
better power power management is has a
41 millimeter equivalent lens same image
sensor that's found in the in the DP one
as well and we've also improved the user
interface on the back of the camera as
well well thank you so much Rudy we look
forward to seeing these cameras soon
you